Stop busy
You can't sign this contract
Boy what am I saying
I said you can't sign this contract
Li Wushuang, what do you want to do?
What do I want?
I just stopped talking to you
Just support and help
Cancel my support and help
What do you mean?
What do I mean?
Don't you know?
Kowloon Group
Did I let the trillion-dollar investment in Tangmen?
What did you give?
Are you crazy?
You don't even look in a mirror
What qualifications do you have?
Can you give me the investment of Kowloon Group?
Ha ha.
He's crazy. Lord Zunlong is here
You're bragging to your face
You are so shameless
Shameless to a certain extent
You are so disgusting
How dare you say such a thing shamelessly
How did I become blind in the first place?
I agreed to your proposal.
It's disgusting to think about now.
Tang Aoxu, don't be disgusting
You weren't blind in those years
Now you're really blind
My seventh young brother
Don't be jealous
Your fiancee, he just likes me
And his rise is also a fact
You should regret your incompetence
kid
Dare to obstruct the signing ceremony of my Kowloon Group
Tell me how you want to die
Pardon me?
You asked me how I wanted to die
Why haven't you heard of the fame of Kowloon Hall?
Still not allowed to provoke the consequences of Kowloon Hall